Update intro.md (#362)
eth-protocol-fellows/protocol-studies: docs/eps/intro.md

#### Week 1

> The first week will go over the first 5 weeks of previous Study Group content. The first day provides introduction to the Study Group and protocol itself, then we will dive into each part of the protocol. On Wednesday, the node workshop will also be held live during the office hours. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The first week will cover the first five weeks of previous Study Group content. The first day provides an introduction to the Study Group and the protocol itself. Then, we will dive into each part of the protocol. On Wednesday, the node workshop will also be held live during office hours.```
